A feature story is a piece of longform non-fiction content that covers a single topic in detail. Examples of feature stories include news features, in-depth profiles, human interest stories, science communication, data storytelling, and more.A feature is a longer piece of writing than a news story. Features come in many different types and are widely used in magazines, newspapers and online. A feature will often cover an issue in greater depth than a news story would do; or it might look at an ongoing story from a different angle.Feature stories are descriptive and full of detail. Feature stories generally have a strong narrative line. Feature stories have a strong lead that grabs readers and makes them want to read on. Feature stories often depend on interviews.The 7 Types of Feature Articles are:

 Personal Experience Feature Article. Review Feature Article. Travel Feature Article. Obituary Feature Article.Feature Writing is an advanced journalism course focused on writing non-fiction, non-opinion articles for informational media such as newspapers, magazines, newsletters, trade journals, and Internet sites.A feature is a longer piece of writing than a news story. Features come in many different types and are widely used in magazines, newspapers and online. A feature will often cover an issue in greater depth than a news story would do; or it might look at an ongoing story from a different angle.An example of a feature story is an article about a group of children coming together to raise money to help the community after a storm. The damage from the storm may be featured on the news, but a feature article would be about the children and how they helped.The Headline. The headline or title of the article should grab the readers' attention quickly so they'll keep reading. ... 
The Deck. ... 
The Introduction. ... 
The Body. ... 
The Conclusion. ... 
Be Conversational. ... 
Don't Be Afraid of Opinions. ... 
Remember You're Still a Reporter.An example of feature is freckles. An example of feature is a guest speaker at an event. An example of feature is a cover story in a magazine. An example of feature is a new movie coming out.numeric feature can be conveniently described by a feature vector. One way to achieve binary classification is using a linear predictor function (related to the perceptron) with a feature vector as input. The method consists of calculating the scalar product between the feature vector and a vector of weights, qualifying those observations whose result exceeds a threshold.

Algorithms for classification from a feature vector include nearest neighbor classification, neural networks, and statistical techniques such as Bayesian approaches.In machine learning and pattern recognition, a feature is an individual measurable property or characteristic of a phenomenon.[1] Choosing informative, discriminating and independent features is a crucial element of effective algorithms in pattern recognition, classification and regression. Features are usually numeric, but structural features such as strings and graphs are used in syntactic pattern recognition. The concept of "feature" is related to that of explanatory variable used in statistical techniques such as linear regression.The Feature Report allows you to construct a report based around a class of annotation features. Each feature is associated with a set of probes which overlap that feature and the average quantitated value for that set of probes is reported.Special features are the details in an insurance contract that make it different from any other legally binding contract.Feature Writing is a literary and critically recognised form of writing in Journalism. It involves writing featured articles on trending topics, great personalities and relevant issues. This form of writing is generally longer than a specific news story and more informative in nature
